# C++ Programming - Advanced - Assignment

Author: Peter Tse ([mcreng](http://www.github.com/mcreng))

### Introduction

In SmartCar image processing, you probably need to store the coordinates of certain points in the image. Here you are going to develop a coordinate class (`Coord`) for it. There is **NO** provided header.

### Requirements

* Include the $x$ and $y$ coordinates with generic type, default is `uint16_t`
* Make the attributes $x$ and $y$ public
* Overload the following operators
  * `operator+`
  * `operator-`
  * `operator+=`
  * `operator-=`
  * `operator<<` of `ostream`
* Implement the following mathematical functions
  * Distance ($d = \sqrt{(\Delta x)^2 + (\Delta y)^2}$)
  * Manhattan Distance ($d = |\Delta x| + |\Delta y|$)
  * Slope ($$ m = \frac{\Delta y}{\Delta x}$$)
  * Triangle Area enclosed by three points $A, B, C$ ($$a = \left|\frac{A_x (B_y - C_y) + B_x (C_y - A_y) + C_x (A_y - B_y)}{2}\right|$$)
  * Radius of Circle generated by three points $A, B, C$ ($$r =\frac{AB \cdot BC \cdot CA}{4[ABC]}$$, where $[ABC]$ is the triangle area of $ABC$)
* Bonus
  * Figure(Find) a less resource-intensive (in return of less accuracy) implementation of square root and use it in calculating distance.
  * Figure a way to convert one type of Coordinate class into another one with different type (such as `Coord<float>` to `Coord<int>` for example).

*Google is your friend when it comes to problems that you encounter in C++ programming.*

### Submission

In this assignment, three aspects will be examined.

* Correctness

  The correctness of your implementations.

* Readability

  The readability of your codes, including the presence of documentations.

* Coding Practice

  The coding style that you have, including OOP practices.

Try your best in achieving fully in all three aspects. Deadline of this assignment would be 30/12.

Similar to Assignment 2 (Address), open a **private** repository (name it `Internal-Assignment3`) and invite `mcreng` as a collaborator to submit your work.

